docs: fixing pull_request_template.md (#83)
Design-and-Code/Linkify: .github/pull_request_template.md

> ## Description of the changes, you have made.(Mention the issue number, it solves.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Description of the changes you have made

<!-- Mention the issue number it fixes.
For example: closes #21 -->
```
